---
layout: post
title:  How to use NavCog
date:   2017-01-31 17:20:00 +0900
tags:   en
---

Navcog is a navigation software, similar to GPS navigation used when driving by car. This page will explain how to use NavCog

## Mode
* Select one of the following 3 modes of use at application startup depending on your personal needs.

* **Visually Impaired Person MODE**:
  * This mode of use enables non-visual voice navigation by providing precise direction and distance cues to follow in order to reach your destination. This mode is designed to be used together with VoiceOver.
  * In this mode, we recommend keeping your iPhone in a given position (e.g., keep in your pochette, etc.) 
* **Wheelchair User MODE**:
  * This mode of use is intended to provide best wheelchair accessible routes. The application also enables to reach your destination by voice navigation, although the amount of voice commands used here is fewer compared to the visually impaired person mode.
* **General Pedestrian MODE**:
  * This mode of use provides the shortest route to your destination. Apart from this, the application works just like in the wheelchair user mode.

### Voice Search

In the bottom left of the map screen, tap the microphone icon to start the dialogue assistant and choose your destination by talking with the application. In the visually impaired person mode, if the application can not determine your current location, the preview mode is automatically set.

## Visually Impaired Person MODE

"Hold the phone in your free hand. When navigating in this mode, you will first hear a high level description of the route: its destination and length, followed by the first instruction (e.g., go straight and turn left in 30ft). Before each instruction, the system will ask for your attention with a vibration and a short ping sound. While you are walking towards the next turning point the system will periodically tell you the distance to it and it will tell “approaching” when you are close to it. After that the phone will tell you to turn. A turn is in general about 90°, while a slight turn is smaller. The phone will play a sound and vibrate when you have turned enough, so be careful not to turn too little or too much. Afterwards, the system will give you the distance to the next turning point and it will hint what will the next turn be (e.g, turn left at the end of the corridor). While navigating the phone will also tell you information about the environment, for example when the floor changes from carpet to marble, and when you have features of interest (restrooms, water fountains, notable places) or obstacles near you while traversing the environment. Use that information for avoiding collisions and as a confirmation during navigation. The only possible command is a tap on the screen, which will say your current status in case you need confirmation on where you are (for instance, proceed 20 feet and turn right)."

**NOTE: If silent mode is turned on, sound effects will not be heard. Also, if VoiceOver is turned off and you are not using headphones, voice navigation can not be read aloud.**

### Search

The search button in top right corner will take you to the destination search screen.
  
* Select a departure place in the "FROM" field on top of the screen. You can select "current location" to start from your current position, or select from a list of nearby locations.

* Select a destination in the "TO" field right underneath. It is possible to do a voice search, or select from a list of possible destinations.
  
* You can select one of your recent routes from the list in the middle of the screen.

* Route options are on the bottom center of the screen
  * Prefer Tactile Paving (default: ON): Prioritize route with tactile paving.
  * Use elevator (default: ON): Specify whether to use elevator or not.
  * Use escalator (default: OFF): Specify whether to use escalator or not.
  * Use stairs (default: ON): Specify whether to use stairs or not.

* Start navigation with the button on the bottom right. You can start navigation only if the application has determined your current location.
  
### Settings

Settings button is on top left of the interface.

* Speech speed: Specify the speed of voice for both the navigation audio guide and the dialogue assistant.
* Use Vibration: Use iPhone vibration to inform about turns, etc.
* Use Sound Effect: Use iPhone speakers to inform about turns, etc.
* Sound Effect for Bone Conduction Headset: Change to a suitable sound effect for bone conduction headset.
* Distance Unit: switch the distance unit between meters and feet.
* Guidance Instructions Only: Do not read facility information such as rooms, offices, restrooms...
* Open Help Page: open this page.

## Wheelchair User MODE / General Pedestrian MODE

* Search: Select the desired destination.

* Route Options
  * Search Range: Specify the distance from your current location to search for possible destinations (between 250, 500 and 750 meters).
  * Preset: Choose mode from "General pedestrian", "Wheelchair user" and "Customize".
* Customize route options
  * Minimum width: Set the narrowest corridor value in the route.
  * Slope: Set the maximum slope value in the route.
  * Road surface condition: Set the possible floor surface conditions in the route.
  * Step: Set the maximum step height in the route.
  * Stairs: Set up use of stairs in the route.
  * Escalator: Set up use of escalators in the route.
  * Elevator: Set up use of elevators in the route.

* Setting
  * Speech speed: Set the speed of the voice for the navigation audio guide.
  * Re-init Localization: Use to reset your estimated position when this one deviates from your real position.
  
-----

### [FAQ](/faq.html)
