---
layout: post
title:  FAQ
date:   2019-08-09 19:05:00 -0500
tags: en
---

<a name="Q1"></a>

### I want to change user mode

Double tap home button to show the task list. Swipe up on the NavCog app to exit app. Then restart the app. 

<a name="Q2"></a>

### Current location is not shown in App

* Please enable Bluetooth
  * Open "Settings" application -> "Bluetooth" menu
  * Enable "Bluetooth"
  
* Please enable Location Services
  * Open "Settings" application -> "Location Services" menu
  * Enable "Location Services"
  * Select "NavCog" from App list
  * Select "While Using the App"

<a name="Q3"></a>

### My voice is not recognized
  
* Please enable Microphone and Speech Recognition
  * Open "Settings" application > select "NavCog" from App list
  * Enable "Microphone" and "Speech Recognition"
* Please talk to iPhone even if you are using Bluetooth headset 

<a name="Q4"></a>

### Error message shown in conversation dialog
  
* Please try again later
  
<a name="Q5"></a>

### Current location shown in APP is not correct
  
* Usually the App will adjust the current location automatically
  * Please move about 5m
* Adjust current location by using "Re-init Localization" menu
  * In the Visually Impaired User mode, use Shake Gesture to call "Re-init Localization" menu
    * Perform Shake Gesture twice, then iPhone will vibrate. Again, perfom Shake Gesture twice again, then current location will be adjusted. 
  * You can also call "Re-init Localization" menu by using a button of your headset.
    * Please push the button 3 times (short, short, long), then the current location will be adjusted.
    
<a name="Q6"></a>

### Which device is supported by the App?
* The App supports:
  * iPhone 6 and later (barometer sensor is required)
  * iPhone 7 and later is recommended

-----

### [How to use NavCog](/help.html)
